Asako, what did you do?
Of course it's for you
My free game arcade
It has brought me so much popularity
All your dealers come to me to cooperate.
This is the free one, which is the most expensive.
Deceive consumers with free means
That's a dirty trick.
Mr. Wang's shopping mall is like a battlefield
What are the yin moves and yang moves?
Don't you understand such a simple truth?
Mr. Fang
I haven't finished my class yet
The following is the content of the second lesson
You can play any dirty trick in the square
But
Never touch the bottom line of the law
Nonsense, we are all law-abiding citizens
How could it possibly violate the bottom line of the law?
It seems
You can't feel it unless you experience it for yourself
President Fang, we received a report from the public
You are suspected of duty-related crimes
Embezzlement of large amounts of bank funds
Please come with us.
You bastard reported me
He didn't report it.
I reported it.
Three years if you hadn't indulged your son
I wouldn't be bullied so badly by him
Now I'm just taking revenge
Xiaoyu said
We used to be a family
How could you report our dad?
Family, when you bullied me
Why don't you say it's a family?
Fangyuan, right?
Please also cooperate with us to go back and investigate.
You are suspected of arson
I reported this.
Your dog brother has already recruited you.
Your poverty killed your whole family
I want your life!